# jargi3112github.io
House Prediction using Modeling


Nashville housing data is the subject of this dataset. This dataset provides details about each home in Nashville, including price, area, bathrooms, and bedrooms. This information describes many sample collections of homes and their attributes. There are 26 variables in 22651 samples in this data (features). The goal of reporting on this dataset is to determine the factors that Nashville home prices are most influenced by. Therefore, a corporation might think about those elements and take them into account when making decisions about purchasing new homes and making real estate investments. This report discusses the entire data analysis process, the findings, and the next steps the organization should take. The entire process of analysis is explained, along with recommendations for new buying tactics and information on whether the house is overpriced or underpriced.

From all the model, from above table we can see that, Accuracy and recall value is higher of decision tree. AUC is bit low but That means, our predicted value over price is 93.6% accurate. From decision tree we can see that, Land value, Sale month and house age are the important features. Among all I think house age is more important as people will think about how old this house as old house is don’t have modern facilities, or the price of the house will get low if the house is very old. Even older, well-kept homes can have issues that owners of modern homes don't necessarily need to deal with. Health risks like asbestos and mold, severe pest infestations that can cause structural concerns, and problems with utility systems like wiring and plumbing are some of them. We can also see from the research; price of the house is falling. 
